libfabric 1.6+: Document SST Work-Arounds (#1134)
openPMD/openPMD-api: docs/source/backends/adios2.rst

.. image:: ./memory_groupbased_nosteps.png
  :alt: Memory usage of group-based iteration without using steps

Known Issues
------------

.. warning::

   Nov 1st, 2021 (`ADIOS2 2887 <https://github.com/ornladios/ADIOS2/issues/2887>`__):

>    libfabric 1.6+ introduced a couple of breaking changes that break ADIOS2 SST (staging/streaming) workflows.

Reviewer: It weren't really breaking changes on libfabric's side. ADIOS2 is just using some heuristics for fabric selection which happened to work in 1.6, but are working no longer. (Example: The fabric selection in ADIOS2 depends on the order in which libfabric reports available fabrics.)

Author: Good point, do you have a suggestion how to reformulate this? :)

Reviewer: A more neutral wording might be something like:
```suggestion
The fabric selection in ADIOS2 has been written for libfabric 1.6.
With newer versions of libfabric, the following workaround is needed to guide the selection of a functional fabric for RDMA support:
```

Author: Perfect, thanks a lot.

   The following environment variables can be set as work-arounds on Cray systems, when working with ADIOS2 SST:

   .. code-block:: bash

      export FABRIC_IFACE=mlx5_0   # ADIOS SST: select interface (1 NIC on Summit)

>       export FI_OFI_RXM_USE_SRX=1  # libfabric: use shared receive context from MSG provider

Reviewer: Should we also add `FI_PROVIDER=verbs`? That's the fabric provider that ADIOS2 successfully selects with `libfabric1.6.2`  on Summit. 
I'm not really sure about the significance of `FI_PSM2_DISCONNECT=1` mentioned [here](https://github.com/ornladios/ADIOS2/issues/2887#issuecomment-939150608) and [here](https://github.com/ornladios/ADIOS2/issues/2887#issuecomment-945966477). I'm currently testing if that one makes a difference.

Author: I am not sure about this, that would be a question for https://github.com/ornladios/ADIOS2/issues/2887 . Can you please raise it there?

Reviewer: Done. This being said, these variables did not give me successful runs at 1024 nodes (unlike I recently had with libfabric1.6), so I'll next need to have smaller-scale debug runs to see what's going on.

.. image:: ./memory_groupbased_nosteps.png
  :alt: Memory usage of group-based iteration without using steps

Known Issues
------------

.. warning::

>    Nov 1st, 2021 (`ADIOS2 2887 <https://github.com/ornladios/ADIOS2/issues/2887>`__):
> The fabric selection in ADIOS2 has been written for libfabric 1.6.
> With newer versions of libfabric, the following workaround is needed to guide the selection of a functional fabric for RDMA support:

Author: ```suggestion
   Nov 1st, 2021 (`ADIOS2 2887 <https://github.com/ornladios/ADIOS2/issues/2887>`__):
   The fabric selection in ADIOS2 has been rewritten for libfabric 1.6.
   With newer versions of libfabric, the following workaround is needed to guide the selection of a functional fabric for RDMA support:
```

>    The fabric selection in ADIOS2 has been rewritten for libfabric 1.6.
>    With newer versions of libfabric, the following workaround is needed to guide the selection of a functional fabric for RDMA support:

Author: ```suggestion
   The fabric selection in ADIOS2 has was designed for libfabric 1.6.
   With newer versions of libfabric, the following workaround is needed to guide the selection of a functional fabric for RDMA support:
```
